---
title: "Tinker With Themes and CSS in Hugo"
date: 2022-10-12T16:20:57-04:00
draft: false
---
Today in class, we had to pick a theme from a gallery full of various Hugo themes. I decided to pick the theme m10c, which to me looked very techy-looking. Especially since we are making in fake Python website, I thought this was very suitable for our current project. Within this process, we had to download the selected theme within its Hugo theme folder. I clicked on the click-down of 'code' and selected the option to download the zip. I was lost for this part for a quick second until getting some verification from the project partner. Then after doing so, I was supposed to copy the folder into the ict 302-2 fold under themes and below the anake folder, but instead, I had accidentally selected all the parts of the file instead of the folder itself to copy into this particular section. But once I had it in the location I needed to, I created a folder 'test_theme' where I had copied all the components of the folder into the new folder itself. I deleted the set components  I  copied into the folder, that was outside of it. Then, I opened the folder within the sublime text and edited the part that said 'anake' to the new folder I created. Then I had to run this within the localhost, which at first I thought I knew how to open the localhost but, I realized that I was somewhat lost. I then realized that path to get to localhost and get its access is by coding the 'cd ict 302-2' and 'hugo server -D' before the 'Ctrl+C' part. Only then was I able to view the theme through the local host. After, I had check the website out for a minute. I then deleted the changes of files within my GitHub, which ultimately delete the theme. What I had did today related to our classes focus on content and presentation because the chose of theme is a form of presentation. In which the theme I was ealier discussing about is suitable to our website due to the use of colors and possible fonts. This type of choice, m10c, is something I think our regular users would see suitable for our site, let alone it can attract more attention from the crowds of people we are trying to connect and engage with. This presentation, theme, is an more glamorized layout of content.